{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Solution For problem 1:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 There is one clear solution to getting them all across. First the Man needs to take the bird with him to the other side of the river with him first. The man takes and leaves the bird on the other side of the river and goes back to the other side of the river. Now the man has  a choice to make once he gets back to the other side on what he wants to take next. He decides he wants to take the cat next to the other side of the river. Now that he is on the other side he takes the cat out and he puts the parrot back on the boat on goes back to the other side. The man takes the parrot out and he puts the seeds in the boat and carries it over to where the cat is. the man leaves the seeds on the side with the cat and proceeds to go back to go and bring the parrot over.\
Reasoning for Problem 1:\
Here is the reasoning on why I had the man conduct the method he just did. First It states that if the parrot is left with the cat it will be eaten and if the sends are left with the parrot the parrot will eat the seeds. So automatically the parrot will have to go first because the cat will not eat the seeds. Now that we have the parrot on the other side we have to decide on what is the next item that will be brought over. Now looking at this its really up to the person to choice what is brought next because whatever is brought next will be eaten. But whatever the man brings next doesn\'92t matter because the  Parrot will be put back on the boat and carried back to the starting point. the man will then proceed to take the parrot out and swap for the other item. He will then carry that item over and then come back for the parrot and bring it over}