{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Breaking Problem 1:\
First It states that if the parrot is left with the cat it will be eaten and if the sends are left with the parrot the parrot will eat the seeds.So automatically the parrot will have to go first because the cat will not eat the seeds\
My Sub Goals here are to make sure nothing gets eaten on each trip.\
Breaking Problem 2 \
My constraints: Your can only pick out your socks in the dark and can not see them till after you have chosen them.\
To choose the appropriate amount of socks to make the right  amount of pairs to mix and match with.\
Breaking Problem 3:\
Constraints: She is only using one hand and is using an annoying and easy to lose track of pattern.\
Sub goals: My sub goal here is to figure out this pattern and find out which fingers do the multiple of 10 and 5 fall on most often.\
Defining Problem 1:\
 What the Problem is asking me to do is to solve how am I suppose to get the all three of the items across safety.\
I know that there is a pair that will be eaten if I leave them alone and there is a pair that won\'92t be eaten.\
my overall goal is to get all of the items safety across.\
Defining Problem 2:\
Socks in the dark. There are 20 socks in a drawer. 5 black pairs, 3 brown pairs, and 2 white pairs. Your can only pick out your socks in the dark and can not see them till after you have chosen them\
\
I know that there are (individually) 10 black, 6 brown, and 4 white socks that equal up to 20. Also I have to pick out the socks one by one in the dark.\
\
The goal here for part a to get at least one matching pair and for part two to get 2 matching pairs\
Defining problem 3\
A little girl is counting on here fingers in a unique pattern. Following this pattern what fingers will she land on when she hits these numbers. 10, 100, and 1000\
\
I know that Following this pattern that multiples of 10 land only on the first finger and the ring fingers.\
\
The Goal here is to find out what fingers will she land on when she hits the targeted numbers.\
Evaluating Problem 1:\
I believe my solution on solving the problem works fine and it worked because nothing got eaten.\
I now this solution is right because there is really only one way to solve this.\
Evaluating Problem 2:\
Yes the solution does meet the goals because it helps me understand a general Idea of how many socks are going to be need and from there I have to pair them up.\
Yes This works in all cases after reviewing the work it matches up.\
Evaluating Problem 3\
Yes By drawing out the fingers and placing the numbers over them I can see and follow the pattern correctly.\
Yes it does works in all cases.\
Identifying Problem 1: This automatically means that the Parrot will have to go first to avoid it being eaten by the cat and the parrot will not eat the seeds.\
Identifying Problem 2: By understanding the amount individually of each sock you can then calculate the number of pairs need to mix and match with so you don\'92t have to over pick.\
Identifying Problem 3\
What I decided to do was to draw my hand on a sheet of paper and find the pattern and fill in.\
Solution For problem 1:\
There is one clear solution to getting them all across. First the Man needs to take the bird with him to the other side of the river with him first. The man takes and leaves the bird on the other side of the river and goes back to the other side of the river. Now the man has  a choice to make once he gets back to the other side on what he wants to take next. He decides he wants to take the cat next to the other side of the river. Now that he is on the other side he takes the cat out and he puts the parrot back on the boat on goes back to the other side. The man takes the parrot out and he puts the seeds in the boat and carries it over to where the cat is. the man leaves the seeds on the side with the cat and proceeds to go back to go and bring the parrot over\
Reasoning for Problem 1:\
Here is the reasoning on why I had the man conduct the method he just did. First It states that if the parrot is left with the cat it will be eaten and if the sends are left with the parrot the parrot will eat the seeds. So automatically the parrot will have to go first because the cat will not eat the seeds. Now that we have the parrot on the other side we have to decide on what is the next item that will be brought over. Now looking at this its really up to the person to choice what is brought next because whatever is brought next will be eaten. But whatever the man brings next doesn\'92t matter because the  Parrot will be put back on the boat and carried back to the starting point. the man will then proceed to take the parrot out and swap for the other item. He will then carry that item over and then come back for the parrot and bring it over\
Solution for Problem 2:\
For the first part of this question you would have to pull out at least 4 pairs of socks to get one pair of matching socks. For the next part of this problem you have to pull out enough socks to get 2 pairs of matching socks.For this you have to pull out at least 8 pairs of socks to get at least 2 matching pairs.\
Reasoning for Problem 2:\
For the first part of this question it asks how many pairs of socks are needed to get one matching pair. as we can tell there are 20 socks and it breaks up in to the following 10 black socks  individually, 6 brown socks and 4 white socks. (10+6+4=20) Now after doing the math after grabbing six socks you should at least grab all of the colors once  in the following 4 pairs you can mix and can match it up. Example: Black | White, White | Brown, Brown | Black, and etc and can make a new combination out of what you have\
Part 2: \
For the second part of this problem You will have to take out at least 9 pairs of socks. I solved this just like how I solved the first Part I just added more pairs till I got the desired amount.\
Solution For number 3: \
My answers for problem 3 are as followed 10 will land on the first finger, 100 will land on the ring finger and 1000 will land on the first finger Again.\
I came up with this answer by following these steps. First I drew my hand and over it I Placed the numbers over the correct fingers. After finding out that multiples of tens(10, 20, 30, and etc.) landed on only the first and ring fingers I kept up with it and found the correct pattern. Also if you multiply the 10 on the first finger it goes up to 100 on the ring. Then 1000 on the first again. I went over this formula twice and literally counted in ones.}